
    https://codepen.io/vasuki-sunder/pen/BaNoNgE?editors=1000
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    Semantic HTML adds meaning to the information on a webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    HTML is used for developing web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    Attributes provide additional information about an HTML element.
    They must be specified in the start tag of the element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    The h1 tag is used for the most important heading/title on the webpage.
    Because of this, it should be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    The elements <input> and <select> have required attributes.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    The head element of the HTML document can contain the document title, 
    styles, and scripts. 

    7. What is an id? 

    An id is a unique identifier for a single element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    An id can be added to any HTML element. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    An id can only be used one time on a single element.

    10. What is a class? 

    A class is an attribute that can be used to apply the same style to multiple
    elements. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    The same class can be used multiple times on a page.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    A link will open in a new tab if you use the target="_blank" attribute on the
    link's anchor tag. 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

    The alt attribute is used to display alternate text for an image if the image is 
    not visible for any reason.

    15. How do I reference an id?

    An id is referenced using '#'.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    A section is used to divide a webpage into broader 'chapters'/headings that have 
    semantic value. A div is used to divide items for non-semantic reasons, such as 
    creating the webpage layout, css styles, or readability.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    CSS is used to add stylistic features to the elements of an HTML page, such as 
    colors, font sizes, margins, etc. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    Elements are selected by their name, such as using h2 {} to select all h2 elements.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    A class can be used on multiple elements on a page to give them all the same 
    stylistic features. An id can only be used on one unique element. 
    For example, a class could be used on all titles on a page to give them a different 
    color. An id could be used on one title to make sure it alone has its own color
    in order to imply significance.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    Classes are selected with a '.', such as .className {}. 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    A parent child selector could be used to select elements that all have a specific 
    parent. For example, h2 > p {} will select all <p> elements that have a parent <h2>.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    div a.sidebar {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    Pseudo selectors are used to style special states of an element, such as hover, 
    when a link has been visited, or to select the first child of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    * (The universal selector)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* Comments are written using this format */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    pwd (print working directory)

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm <filename>

    This command permanently deletes the file. It does not give a warning,
    and it cannot be undone. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    Version control has many benefits, such as allowing multiple people to
    work freely on a project and merge versions, restoring previous versions, having
    work securely backed up, and being able to see the evolution of a project.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    You should commit as often as possible (within reason).

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    Fork repository
    Add TL as collaborator
    Clone repository - Copy url and use git clone <url> to clone into repo 
    Change directories to the newly cloned repo using cd <repo name>
    Create your own branch using git checkout -b <firstname-lastname>
    Use git add . to add all changes, git commit -m "message" to commit changes
    Use git push -u origin <firstname-lastname" to push commits to Github
    Change to your own branch on your Github page
    Create new pull request after changing the base repository to your forked repo 
    and adding your TL as a reviewer
    (Do NOT merge your own pull request)


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    A block element starts on a new line and takes up the full width possible. 
    An inline element is placed inline (not on a new line) and only takes up the necessary width.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    An absolutely positioned element has a position relative to its nearest positioned ancestor.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also 
    have the ability to give it a width? 

    You can use display:block to make sure the element only takes up the amount of space 
    that the parent element allows, but still be able to use height and width to adjust sizing.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by 
    default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    Display block by default: <div>, <section>, <header>, <footer>
    Display inline by default: <a>, <i>
    Display inline-block by default: <input>

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

    The box model refers to how a browser displays the elements of a webpage in a box format.
    The boxes are composed of their content, padding, border, and margin. You can control the
    size and spacing of these elements to achieve the desired effect. You can use the display
    property to help overcome some limitations.

